Sig standardization proposal (#305)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/sigs/Marketing.md

**Where we chat**

We use the [~Marketing](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/marketing) channel for communication on the AlmaLinux mattermost server.

**Where/how we meet**

Meetings are every other Thursday on Google Meet at 9pm UTC. Join the Marketing channel on [chat.almalinux.org](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/marketing) and ask benny for the meeting invite! Our meeting notes are kept in [Google drive](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OK8mQSU-EucCT-VdFVOd87BECmVSXIKXkG7uhLubs9o/edit#heading=h.9ynhotw081jk).

## Activities, projects, and deliverables

Properties that we are responsible for:

* [almalinux.org](https://almalinux.org)
* [shop.almalinux.org](shop.almalinux.org)

We also provide content for other properties as needed by other SIGs.

Other efforts that we manage: 

* Event plans
* Outreach efforts
* Social media management
* Press efforts

### Help wanted

Contributions take all kinds of shapes and sizes, and we welcome everyone! If you have expertise or time and would like to help us out, here are a few things that need help soon, and a place where you can find more information.

> * Mastodon automation - we use Sprout Social for scheduling ahead of tiem right now, but it doens't work with mastodon! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mastodon automation - we use Sprout Social for scheduling ahead of time right now, but it doesn't work with mastodon! 
```

Author: Good catch!
